soda
sta
all the truth
that's it
from side to side
nothing strange
Mary art
inns
you will see if it arrives
Hague
fabiola
i télam
admonished marchena
if you want to vote for them to stay and competition for not
leave tonight
must send a message with the name of fabio la mole gerardo
through your cell phone
to the number 33 555 it is very simple that you thought
don enrique guzmán
currently in order
Amen
but tonight to other nuances
I really like your sincerity
on the contrary
by gerardo garrote ciento
unsafe
That's what I feel
that's what comes to me from the state
while talking
marmalade
there they
with the respect and love of always not
what happened to that white-knuckles sensitivity
insensitivity
accessibility as he says the young man is shy
lived the true timid them and toti
I have lived here
it was fast efe this dynamic car fishing
the aerial tragedy
the fastest island that's so I do not talk to
cristi with rafael included with none
j
willy the magician with don raúl
I what ended up listening to us
sun happens
I think it's getting to be guys
your abilities
but who are you who are not allowing sheen in some way
break with certain things that they should be asking for and is staying
Work more
Learn more
but I do not think what he has done is bad
but I'm worried it's
nothing else
percent and fabiola good you already had nothing
an apprenticeship regarding the votes
listen listen listen to what bothers you
what makes one different is to listen and work especially in what
Do not just work on the one thing about the things you do well
but for me
bamba ventrudo the dodgers
was released and help them gerardo
here the only one that matters academy
the performance on stage
interpretation because your energy was very good your desire you keep it
for me this one they do
charmed
a little more energy in you fernandez to unite the voices saviola
he excelled too much evidence very well I like his muse and there just does not
is it so
fabiola are already the sixth concert we are going to say something could be
as well
we have seen before mentioned three young people
3 male interpreters
there are injured
the young man was step by miracle not because of the benevolence of the moment
it would be lying
if we said
what gerardo did
worse than any of them
but I say categorically
its scenic presence
black people are talking to you
people what people are manifesting their affection
the way you stood on the stage
sensational
how do you attack the song
as lizeth said with
a lot of tino
we had serious tuning problems at the beginning
You did it well
and it seems to me that the goal was for the one-eyed man to
the doctor wore
for me you're at the next concert, Luis, hours
all the bases at union level cilas 2012 this tour will be retracted if
one normal
only through gerardo at this time
since then
but I need to say something to fabiola what you want pointed
and it is a message that is also addressed to Héctor Martínez and the respected
other body
the potential of this girl is very big we all know it all we know
to the extent that you can go working with her
putting songs that are more difficult than the network themes
to the extent that we can see her dancing
and that is already expanded
we will have the possibility to evaluate the best
at this time
for me it is an achievement of what happened last week
more of the same
but well done
I will not miss
I can not help fabiola that you pass
but the next week you have to show what you're done
what if
Michael
fabiola and gerardo are in the next concert guatemala guatemala zelaya
peña month